Help again.
So let's try to enable our full Terrans in our virtual machine.
So we try to enable our full roles in our virtual machine.
You simply go to the virtual machine uploaded on or about it of a virtual machine.
It's not a portal.
You click on it and you got to the full dose.
And we have some options right there.
The first one that we have is three or four.
So I created some older massage to suit a different order that you can get when you try to enable default
arose in our virtual machine.
So if we click on this one you'll see some difference right there.
So let's try to convert them one by one and get two different solution available.
So the first one is super hot Plug-In is not supported for this virtual machine.
That's me.
When you want to create a full to the last in a virtual machine.
This virtual machine should not have are a hot plug.
You remember when we talk a hot plug that mean about it on your machine can update to spew or the rim
of this virtual machine without any problem.
So the photo is not were to work if you have this option enable in the virtual machine that's me.
Imagine that we had our mirror a machine between two holes and then you try to upgrade to secure this
virtual machine by another Sibiu or Abu-Ghraib dream.
So how do signon that a virtual machine can know that you have others on your you who will get the privilege
to do so you can do the virtual machine to get more support from the host or more for prob the guest
host is I number two.
So logically do hot plugin can lead you to make photodiodes inside a virtual machine.
So let's try to fix it.
And to do it of course if you remember the hot plugging unit took power of the video machine go it it's
sitting and in the seat view you need to disable the hot plugging.
So we got this new we deserve it enables a hot plug in.
They do the same for the memory.
Ok then we click OK the updates are.
It's your machine.
Then if we try to go on chose true on water as you see Option one is gone.
They we have device use controller use or control that is not supported and that's massaged.
But I mean our virtual machine connected with our U.S. port if you're trying to use a or ass with the
same virtual machine in a modern host it is illogical to a machine from a different host connect to
the same.
Be key.
That's mean if you plug us in this virtual machine that actually from the host It is illogical.
That's the signal to revert your machine or the mirror a virtual machine also connected to the same
US became.
So we need to disable the biggie.
Also the various CD-ROM has a backing type that is not supported.
But I mean this virtual machine connects to the city around.
And it is signon to to your machine from a model.
I hope to connect to the same city there all of the primary one.
So we need to fix this problem.
We're back to the heated seats in we need to go to the city so the city we need to disconnect this virtual
machine from the house CD or client CD No matter it is connected you need to disconnect all those information
right.
For example the data is all but exists in the data base of I that has.
But your machine mirror or virtual machine can't get access to do look that sort of this one and get
to do Isel.
Imagine also under the information that's hard this should be in shit it's trash and not in our local
stores.
This is one of the group you either didn't know all of it is so disconnected to CD-ROM.
Then you got to do it because you need to do use control.
So it click OK.
So the configuration applied then we try to check if there are another error.
So the turn on is work without any problem.
So let's cancel this one and another that can happen if you didn't configure do for us in this E-6 I
host for example do Windows 7 to exist in the I host number two.
If you didn't enable the full dose from this place in my house number two if you tried to enable defaulters
in this virtual machine you will get an error message that's Galut default configuration of the anti-Tea
it X I want a VM lab that em up.
Of course any decision is ESX I don't have a non-issue this year for the way to host to have a virtual
Nic enabled for the last logging.
That's when you should enable a full rules in at least one network adapter in the halls that have this
virtual machine.
So we have another kind of route let's try it with this one and we try to enable the fault in this one.
So the same if you remember the device.
You need to delete it for this virtual machine.
Don't sit there on the road.
Let's do this how does one use our control that is not supported.
The controller uses for the hard disk is supported.
How to fix this one we got two idiots sitting and the same as we did with us B-22 you speak.
We need to disconnect the CD-ROM in the hard disk.
This virtual machine.
Use it.
Windows XP sort by default.
Each user id for the controller of the disk.
So we need to use the scuzzy controller.
If you use something like a one ID took the folder as would be available in this virtual machine into
the control.
So we fixed cost control of this hard disk with fixed CD-ROM with fixed us beat controls so I click
OK the configuration on played
OK then we try to enable do filter on.
I get the full completion of it name has unissued steward vidual machine has one more snapshots or this
Gadot need consolidate.
But Meek is in competition for full protection.
So another error that can happen in our fault is with a virtual machine that's the virtual machine should
not have any snap shots in the virtual machine before you will be able to carry it up for two minutes.
Also as the same logic the vision machine with a snapshot can't have our fault.
But we all make our reverse back of that visual machine to a snapshot.
The other visual machine will have a problem but with those same snapshots because the snapshot is not
available for the secondary virtual machine.
So to fix this one we go to the virtual machine we go to manage snapshot.
You remember the section about the snapshot Menashe snapshot.
Then we need to delete all the snapshots available if you have four or five.
We need to delete them snapshot.
We need to delete all the snapshots.
So it will be automatically consolidated to do the latest editions so we click delete.
Yes it will delete.
Argh.
Available snapshot.
So how does it do in the same place that we are.
Then we try to enable default and no default will work perfectly.
So how does it.
So next we'll try to create a filter for that yet machine Suunto next.